{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01.;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19240\viewh25760\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\i\fs24 \cf0 "legit writing"\
\
COVER PAGE\
title of degree project\
name of student\
year of completion\
A Guide to Self Help\
Suzanne Wu\
2014\
\
\
TITLE PAGE\
title of DP\
name\
"submitted in accordance with the requirements for the degree of bachelor of fine arts in furniture design"\
year of completion\
"Rhode Island School of Design"\
"Department of Furniture Design"\
instructor names\
\
BODY \
>3500 words\
conceptual and technical aspects \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1434\fi-1\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
INTRODUCTION\
state goals - thesis statement\
building upon the past exp and how it moves that forwards = new challenges\
how is it worthwhile irl? context\
\

\i0 Self help is a paradox that ultimately puts you in the hands of your imperfect fallible self. Self help is dependent on self-diagnosing your own problems and labeling them some version of a deficiency then going in and fixing yourself. It tells you there's a better version of you, and makes vague comparisons between what you could be and how you could do it to be "it".\
\
organize your self as you would a workspace. self-systemize and regulate into a state of homeostasis and balance. the fine-tuning can be supplemented by outside-aid. \
\
Thankfully, you are not the problem (at least not entirely). The space and objects that surround you encourage certain elements of your behavior, giving you easy access to decisions that no good. \
\
With this degree project I'm proposing a new kind of self help. It's an object / space-based help. The guide comes from the outside in, though restructuring your life through your environment. First step is optimizing your space. This idealized space keeps everything contained and everything relevant relevant. Nothing is lost in deep storage, misplaced and forgotten, nor are the things left too active, live stimulus buzzing and distracting. A person is mobile, so why should his/her space be stagnant? Or even worse, why should it be bigger/stronger/more permanent than our agency? The The ultimate goal is for the user to be comfortably in control. For the space to be made to a human-scaled living, more specifically, to the user. Of course, this idealized space cannot happen without input from the user. The whole creation of this space is through a constant feedback loop between the user and his/her space. Within the space, its objects are mobile and customizable, the pieces seizing the immediate close relative to me taking ownership of my space The system integrates within a life, my life. It's part of the physical toolkit to free you from whatever hangups you have with making rough with the things you own. On a bigger level, it's advocating you to truly know your objects and spaces, taking it beyond the layers of seemingly magical fabrication manufacturing methods and reclaiming the agency to do. \
\
Currently the piece feels a little dressed up with the spray paint - playing safe within the wishy-washy qualifiers of a finished piece. Also the grid is obviously artificial but when inside a real room will be better integrated. The color masking is supposed to flatten the piece and reduce it to its bare relationships without too much noise. The DIY is not pushed far enough. To go forward in the future I want to push the jankiness / MacGyver /DIY spirit. I want to readjust my thinking, move it away from catering to many and any format of a surface good and just keep it quality in the sense that it is compatible to my life. Compatibility for me means having the ability to move and adjust to my body and staying aligned comfortably to those patterns of behaviors. I want to secure it with tabs and rivets that speak to no sense of hinge things off of one another by way of Irwin Quickgrips making planes and surfaces and hotspots gathering energy. staying close to the lip of a cliff so that the fall into kinetic energy will come easier. leaving the inertia with a jumpstart. \

\i \
\

\i0 \strike \strikec0 INTENTION
\i \strike0\striked0  HOW I DID IT\
methodology \
what have i designed? - how did you make it?\

\i0 \

\b dividing screen
\b0  - This first piece came out of an initial reaction to deal with clutter by visually masking it. There are three levels of opacity in the plastic screen, one is completely transparent, one that's semi-transparent, and one that's almost completely opaque. This is a level of denial that is aesthetically pleasing and has a varied hierarchy. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1434\fi-1\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 single-task workstation
\b0  - I've come to realize no matter how much surface area you give someone, they will eventually fill it up. To literally cut them off from being a infinitely spreading mess, this wall-mounted desk can only comfortably fit a laptop and mouse, or whatever single task at hand - the limit being a personal sense of overcapacity. By making it adjustable fold-down the table feels more like a transitory engagement and less like a permanent surface for storage. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1434\fi-1\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\b life station
\b0  - This final piece has less It's a balance between enforcing structure and allowing for a . This system introduces a scale set in 1'x1' grids. \
\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li1434\fi-7\sa240
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 Spatial and Semantics Preposition Questionnaire\
In order to understand our relation to our space, especially the way we describe it, I'm attempting to describe it through \
For this experiment I \uc0\u8232 Association and Memorization Box Test \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1434\fi-1\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 The zine 
\b0 \
The zine is supplement reading for the system. It's part critique of self help as a genre and part instruction manual for a better adjusted living. It seeks to compile self help efforts from all fronts - from when other people help, when spaces help, when objects help, etc. The examples then are reviewed critically to measure it's success. Then find truths within the current available options. 
\i \
\
RESEARCH\
outline the research - support and facilitate the DP\
identify the key questions\
critical inquiry, examination, investigation and experimentation @ \ul discovery\ulnone \

\i0 My main focal points lies with human behavior and the ways we quantify and classify information. I started with looking at an assorted amount of facts from psychology, cognitive science, and perception. I wanted to approach making furniture in a manner that was more essentialist and fundamental. Physiological differences is the most justifiable (because science) and seemed appropriate as an explanation. As I did more research, however, \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1435\fi16\sa240
\cf0 Frustrated and feeling very detached towards my first object and whole degree project I retreated into spring break and started to really look at my notes. I fail to see any potential in continuing with stimuli-based hierarchy even though logical reasoning behind it was still interesting. I felt like I wasn\'92t doing enough of the testing to reaffirm my ideas and that I still wasn\'92t taking a stance beyond the statement of people needing order and some pseudo-science experiments. \
I sifted through the sediments I collected and realized much of the \'93research\'94 was really a superficial curation of curious tasting facts. I needed to marinate in the material and react to it beyond a surface-level archival. There needed to be some kind of feedback between the abstract research and the eventual object. I needed more first-hand understanding of the relational dynamics I was looking to to create order. Looking my past hot spots of curiosity they have always sourced from asking about the why\'92s of human behavior. This led me to try engagement on a more direct level by testing others. I created a version of a test that focused on spatial arrangement of a\
Moving from mindless collection to taking a stance and knowing what I want, which is to know about other people. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1434\fi-1\pardirnatural
\cf0 In trying to quantify the effectiveness of the system I would have to live with it more to adjust accordingly. The only appropriate quantifying binary I can apply to this would be a scale of "alive" to "dead". "Alive" being the most ideal and "dead" being the least enjoyable. The system will be judged by its mobility, versatility and engagement. The 
\i \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1434\fi-1\pardirnatural
\cf0 OUTCOME\
what did you hope to accomplish? what happened? how do you quantify your results?\

\i0 The implications of this work lies in creating a mental state of mind that would encourage a healthy lifestyle. The pieces were ultimately a part of an instructional toolkit that would enable people like myself to take ownership of my space and overcome my inability to react to the world around me. Just telling people to "deal with it" is not a method of effective repair. We are creatures of comfort, only when we are pushed do we begin to make change. We shape our bodies to the crevices that will fit us only when we know it's our own or when we have no other choice. Now it's possible to be in charge of that environment and indeed help yourself. \
\

\i \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
IMAGES + CAPTIONS\
\
BIBLIOGRAPHY\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1\i0 \uc0\u9642 
\f0\i 	}(understand the implications of your work)\
{\listtext	
\f1\i0 \uc0\u9642 
\f0\i 	}(present artifacts of the design process)\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
IDEALIZED SELF\

\i0 I'm on time for things\
I can manage my day-to-day obligations - \
I make time for leisure - work hard, play hard\
I }