{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18140\viewh16340\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 thoughts + notes\
\

\b just take a stance!
\b0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 an endless cycle of meaningful activity\
\

\b0 fear of rejection\
need for approval\
led by other people's wants and needs\
never know what i want\
your work =/= your self worth\
\
\
my body and esp mind is always foggy, as if i'm stuck in slowly churning stale air. I have companionship and seek quick-fix happiness, usually though wasting time on mindless media and pop culture candy fodder to my buzzed out brain keeping it trapped with just enough adrenaline & endorphins that I don't pass out. it's cheap euphoria and easy escape. only after i wake up tasting everything then do I realized how much I've fucked myself over; and it destroys my set esteem even more, I withdraw further, expecting redemption in my self-imposed prison yet I can't control it anymore \
I will make up for it and make everyone proud\
be the best me. \
be the best you.\
i'm trapped with no way out. if i don't admit this to anyone, i might still be in good place in my mind. feeling justified. fuck\
\
\ul exterior symptoms:\ulnone \
super out of it\
more willingness 2 "go with it"\
unkept/unwashed/bum status\
words unneccessarily cutting and deprecating\
avoidance of texts and putting off interactions - so have control? \
retreating into room\
late night wasting away \
alienation from friends\
guilt tripping over spednign time extra outside of work - directly contradicting the last statement\
moments of idleness \
\ul sleep as escape\
\ulnone being only smart enough to have the awareness of your own incompetence\
\
having only the self-awareness to know your limitations\
\
fear of mediocrity/risks\
I w was such an aversion to keep doing the things i know and i never got comfortable with the idea of getting gloat or exploring because i was constantly afraid of messing up. i messed up by being afraid of messing up.\
i missed out on life experiences, simply because i didn't physically present but i wasn't in a state of awareness that allowed me to fully understand the experience and turn it into growth and something i can harness. \
\
the problem was i couldn't even imagine the worst that could happen. there was no way or bad case scenario that scared me awa. i just fully paralyzed my role by the notion that if i accept this i will be will i should be and i just accepted that without question. \
\

\b to think, nobody has ever said "no"
\b0 \
\

\b I am doing x, not x, y and z. 
\b0 \
\
DECISION STAGE\

\fs26 \ul give up what? \

\fs24 \ulnone time\
money\
physical comfort\
emotional comfort\
security\
leisure\
a personal relationship\
other goals\
self image\
parental approval\
societal approval\
\
time is precious, so whatever u set out 2 do, do it well. \
\
ultimately, i want something that communicates \
\
No matter what medium and transport 4 the message, the seduction must be complete. make poepl believe in the engagement. the aesthetic choices are one thing, but the believability of the object. (gerneally, the more HD - close to the intended realism the better) I know one thing that is off-putting about bad craftsmanship is that it says "i don't care about ____" therefore, why should anyone care? even though lothar raised a good point regarding the burden of forced labor in object/furniture-based contexts, the encounter forces a much more aggressive hand, like the power of motion and time-based mediums. \
\
we are in the frosting business \
\

\b but does it blend?
\b0 \
\
what happens when you only become aware of your limitations but not any ways to overcome that. everyone is born millimeters away from being carbon copies of each other, we have capacities when we- it's important to  carry the momentum forward \
\

\b everyone's full of contradictions
\b0 \
\
sdfsdf\
\
the myth of doing it all\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\i\fs32 \cf0 \'93Our memories are poor; we are subject to a range of biases; we can focus our attention on only one or two things at a time. ... We lack both the physical and the mental apparatus to take stock of ourselves. We need help from machines.\'94
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\i\fs32 \cf0 \'93Self-help always suggests that it is you and not society(environment) that needs to change.\'94
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 \
\
\
\

\b \
you're not the ideal you. make room for yourself\
\
if you stop, you'll die. \
\
pretend u r a robot \
feel nothing. just do it\
\
compensate for distractions. \
\

\b0 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}